README.md, before:


![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)  
# Milestone 1 project  
  
## [Live website on github pages](https://alexandergrib.github.io/ms1/)  
  
![Responcive display](helping_materials/responcive-img.JPG)

---
# Table of contents  
- [UX](#ux)  
  - [Website owner business goals](#website-owner-business-goals)  
  - [User goals](#user-goals)  
  - [User stories](#user-stories)  
  - [Structure of the website](#structure-of-the-website)  
  - [Wireframes](#wireframes)  
  - [Surface](#surface)  
- [Features](#features)  
  - [Existing features](#existing-features)  
  - [Features left to implement](#features-left-to-implement)  
- [Technologies used](#technologies-used)  
- [Code Validation](#code-validation)  
- [Testing](#testing)      
- [Deployment](#deployment)  
- [Bugs](#bugs)
	- [Problems encountered](#problems-encountered)
- [Credits](#credits)  
  
  
# UX  
  
## Website owner business goals  
As the site owner of this imaginary teashop, I want to deliver clean and easy to read information about different types of tea that exist in the world.  Tea varieties offered on the website are green, black, white and pu’er teas. As a business I want to give opportunity to my visitors to personally try different types of tea by getting in touch with us through the contact form.    
Also, I would like to help customers learn more about how tea is grown, how it processed and delivered around the globe and end up in their morning cup of tea.  



## User goals  
- As a user I want to have easy navigation 
- Simplicity of reading headlines and have a clear view of pictures  
- Ability to navigate between pages and possibility to return to the home page whiting one click  
- Site must be readable under all screen sizes, must include mobile (in my case it would be Samsung s8) and it should work with tablet screen and under high-res desktop screen  
- Web site should contain media gallery inside picture snippets with rounded edges and light border, with a possibility to scroll itself  
  
  
## User stories  
### As a business owner:  
- I want to provide in-depth information about the products I offer through offering click-in option on product images  
- To place an order and enquire further about the subscription user should fill out  “Contact me” form.  
  
  
  
### As a new customer:  
- As a user, I want have easy and intuitive navigation through the website
- As a user, I want to be able easily access contact details 
- As a user, I want to see relevant information about products offered on the website
- As a user, I want to see reviews about products offered which would help me make my decision about specific item I may be interested.
-  As a user, I want to find out more about how tea was discovered
  
# Structure of the website  
The website is set up to be used on as many devices as possible, this includes small mobile phones as well as extra-large 4k tv screens. Website has to be easy to navigate between sections by clicking required link in the navigation bar. Also includes easily accessible "contact me" form with acknowledgement message after completing and send.  
There are small differences on some pages between mobile and desktop, to have a better visualization of the content, based on the device.   
  
# Wireframes  
Wireframes can be found here:
##### [Desktop](wireframes/desktop.png)
##### [Tablet](wireframes/tablet.png)
##### [Mobile](wireframes/mobile.png)
  ---
# Surface  
## Fonts  
I decided to go with Google Roboto font and sans-serif as a fallback font.  
I think Roboto font is a most used font across whole internet, and it would not look too different for the user coming from any website they used to use.  This will create a more familiar feeling for the users.
  
  
## Colors  
Trying to keep whole webpage in harmonic design and have it associated with “tea” colours, I decided to go for the light green colour for the header and footer and to keep it contrasted but organic in colour I went for the blue-ish for the background. To keep high contrast for the text I set colour to white with black shadow outline.  
I used following colours:  
- Body background color: #C6E7C6  
- jumbotron color: #215020
- Headings color: #474545
- Text color: #474545  
- Background color header and footer: #93C47D
  
  
## Images  
- All images on the website was taken from internet resources with all credit information stated in "Credits" section of this README file.  
  
## Text  
- While I tried to keep my website filled with useful information, I have had to copy some text mainly from Wikipedia page. Most text information is credited in “Credits” section in this README file   
  
# Features  
The website is a single page with interactive links to sections on the page with popup window with send me a message form.  
  
## Existing Features  
### Navigation Bar (in the Header):  
- Visible on all pages and attached to the top of the page  
- Mobile view collapses links into “Burger menu”   
- Left side of navigation bar contains Logo image with active link to homepage  
- Right side of navigation bar contain 4 hyperlinks:  
  - Home  
  - Tea traditions(gallery)  
  - Tea History  
  - Contact me (modulo popup with email and textbar)  
  
  
  
### Footer:  
- Visible on all pages   
- Contain contact up link  
- Imaginary business address information  
- Fontawesome icons with links to default home page of linkedin, facebook, githup  
- Copyright information  
  
  
### Home (index.html):  
- Introduction text for what the website is about  
- Clickable Pictures with tea icon  
  - black tea page  
  - green tea page  
  - white tea page  
  - puer tea page  
- Picture gallery  
- History section  
- Customers reviews section  
- About us section  
  
  
  
### Contact form (contact.html):  
- Required form fields: Name, Email address, tea selection and Message  fields
- On submit, "thank you" alert message will be shown (submit form send information to CI server to display values sent) 
  
## Features left to implement:  
- Fix footer to display sections evenly across all screen sizes
  
## Technologies used:  
- HTML:   
- CSS  
- Bootstrap  
- Fontawesome  
- Google Fonts    
- Github  
- Git  
- Balsamiq  
  
## Testing  
### Mobile
- Functionality testing – I used Google chrome developers tools to test different screens responsiveness of webpages, as well on actual mobile phone and large screen monitor.  
- Code Validation – Lighthouse(google dev tools)  
	
- Issues found during site development – see section problems encountered  
- Performance testing Lighthouse(google dev tools)  
  - Performance score: 81  (lower score due to loading external bootstrap scripts, and some images are slightly on the larger side)
  - Accessibility score: 96
  - Best Practices score 93
  
### Desktop
- Performance testing Lighthouse(google dev tools)  
  - Performance score: 99  
  - Accessibility score: 93
  - Best Practices score 93



## Deployment  
- Deployment made via GitHub pages.  For my repository go to Setting on forked repository scroll down to GitHub pages and select active branch to be used.  
  
 ## Bugs
 
### Problems encountered: 
- Git merging branch with local Pycharm. "The “fatal: refusing to merge unrelated histories” Git error"  
  - resolved by applying <code>git pull origin master --allow-unrelated-histories</code>  
- Issue with text overflowing boundaries of jumbotron  
  - Added :before and :after css to break line in exact place where intended, and reduced size of the text on small screen [solution](https://www.educative.io/edpresso/how-to-add-a-line-break-using-css)  
- customer images change shape from circe to oval on small screen sizes  
  - fixed by adding @media query to resize image  
- Navigation bar not collapsing back  
  - fixed by adding script at the bottom of the body [solution found here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28472815/bootstrap-navbar-collapse-not-closing-on-click)  
- Image on the tea page have text overlapping image
	- fixed by setting image height and width to responsive instead of fixed values
- Issue with alignment of columns in footer section  
  - not fixed yet, researching for the solution.  
    




## Credits  

### Credits for text and modules
Skeleton structure of the README.md file was copied from [Jacqueline Kraus](https://github.com/jacqueline-kraus/MS1-Discover-NZ)  
Most of my text and educative information was copied from Wikipedia  
- [bootstap carousel](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/carousel/)  
- [headlines for hero paragraphs](https://theteahouseltd.com/)  
- [text shadows example](https://www.codesdope.com/blog/article/adding-outline-to-text-using-css/)  
- [Traditions text](https://www.mentalfloss.com/article/72891/15-tea-traditions-around-world#:~:text=Drinking%20tea%20is%20a%20tradition,preparations%20evolving%20along%20the%20way.)  
- [Tea history](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_tea_in_China)  
- [tea feacts](https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/top-10-evidence-based-health-benefits-of-green-tea#4.-Antioxidants-may-lower-the-risk-of-some-cancers)  
- [black tea page](https://www.lipton.com/us/en/world-of-tea/how-to-brew-black-tea.html)  
- [Green tea page](https://coffeeandteacorner.com/adding-honey-to-green-tea/#:~:text=Final%20thoughts-,So%20can%20you%20add%20honey%20to%20green%20tea%20%3F,keep%20its%20health%2Dimproving%20properties.)  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
## Credits for images used:  
 - Hero background  Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@procaffeinator?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Arfan Abdulazeez</a> on [Hero img](https://unsplash.com/photos/oi0FvNhkHy8)  
 - black tea img Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@og?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Oleg Guijinsky</a> on <a href="/collections/1564860/tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> [black tea](https://unsplash.com/photos/2CRgKZAyPXg)  
 - mixed tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@stri_khedonia?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Alice Pasqual</a> on <a href="/s/photos/gree-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> [mixed tea](https://unsplash.com/photos/xdD-x2Y2SPI)  
 - mixed 2  Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@stri_khedonia?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Alice Pasqual</a> on <a href="/s/photos/gree-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> https://unsplash.com/photos/59Kh3TAajg0  
 - tea leaves Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@newmanphotog?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Timothy Newman</a> on <a href="/s/photos/gree-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> https://unsplash.com/photos/_ZH-GRbh0iE  
 - green tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@teacreative?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Tea Creative │ Soo Chung</a> on <a href="/s/photos/green-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> https://unsplash.com/photos/SpnGFRf0Nmk  
 - white tea By <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Iateasquirrel" class="extiw" title="en:User:Iateasquirrel">Iateasquirrel</a>, <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/" title="Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0">CC BY-SA 3.0</a>, <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=553061">Link</a>  
 - puer tea <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/" title="Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0">CC BY-SA 3.0</a>, <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=603774">Link</a>  
 - teacup Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@teacora?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">TeaCora Rooibos</a>
 - tea tradition 1 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@lauraadaiphoto?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">laura adai</a>
 - tea tradition 2 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@igorstarkoff?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Igor Starkov</a>
 - tradition 3 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@pursuit_of_shutter?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Ranit Chakraborty</a>
 - tradition 4 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@teacreative?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Tea Creative │ Soo Chung</a>
 - face 1 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@omidarmin?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Omid Armin</a>
 - face 2 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@krivitskiy?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Alexander Krivitskiy</a>
 - black tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@hectorfalcon?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Hector Falcon</a>  
 - green tea photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@whatam1?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Arseniy Kapran</a>  
 - white tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@toma_sh?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Tamara Schipchinskaya</a>
 - puer tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@oriento?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">五玄土 ORIENTO</a>

Commit message:

Fixed headers hiding under navbar issue.

README.md, after:


![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)  
# Milestone 1 project  
  
## [Live website on github pages](https://alexandergrib.github.io/ms1/)  
  
![Responcive display](helping_materials/responcive-img.JPG)

---
# Table of contents  
- [UX](#ux)  
  - [Website owner business goals](#website-owner-business-goals)  
  - [User goals](#user-goals)  
  - [User stories](#user-stories)  
  - [Structure of the website](#structure-of-the-website)  
  - [Wireframes](#wireframes)  
  - [Surface](#surface)  
- [Features](#features)  
  - [Existing features](#existing-features)  
  - [Features left to implement](#features-left-to-implement)  
- [Technologies used](#technologies-used)  
- [Code Validation](#code-validation)  
- [Testing](#testing)      
- [Deployment](#deployment)  
- [Bugs](#bugs)
	- [Problems encountered](#problems-encountered)
- [Credits](#credits)  
  
  
# UX  
  
## Website owner business goals  
As the site owner of this imaginary teashop, I want to deliver clean and easy to read information about different types of tea that exist in the world.  Tea varieties offered on the website are green, black, white and pu’er teas. As a business I want to give opportunity to my visitors to personally try different types of tea by getting in touch with us through the contact form.    
Also, I would like to help customers learn more about how tea is grown, how it processed and delivered around the globe and end up in their morning cup of tea.  



## User goals  
- As a user I want to have easy navigation 
- Simplicity of reading headlines and have a clear view of pictures  
- Ability to navigate between pages and possibility to return to the home page whiting one click  
- Site must be readable under all screen sizes, must include mobile (in my case it would be Samsung s8) and it should work with tablet screen and under high-res desktop screen  
- Web site should contain media gallery inside picture snippets with rounded edges and light border, with a possibility to scroll itself  
  
  
## User stories  
### As a business owner:  
- I want to provide in-depth information about the products I offer through offering click-in option on product images  
- To place an order and enquire further about the subscription user should fill out  “Contact me” form.  
  
  
  
### As a new customer:  
- As a user, I want have easy and intuitive navigation through the website
- As a user, I want to be able easily access contact details 
- As a user, I want to see relevant information about products offered on the website
- As a user, I want to see reviews about products offered which would help me make my decision about specific item I may be interested.
-  As a user, I want to find out more about how tea was discovered
  
# Structure of the website  
The website is set up to be used on as many devices as possible, this includes small mobile phones as well as extra-large 4k tv screens. Website has to be easy to navigate between sections by clicking required link in the navigation bar. Also includes easily accessible "contact me" form with acknowledgement message after completing and send.  
There are small differences on some pages between mobile and desktop, to have a better visualization of the content, based on the device.   
  
# Wireframes  
Wireframes can be found here:
##### [Desktop](wireframes/desktop.png)
##### [Tablet](wireframes/tablet.png)
##### [Mobile](wireframes/mobile.png)
  ---
# Surface  
## Fonts  
I decided to go with Google Roboto font and sans-serif as a fallback font.  
I think Roboto font is a most used font across whole internet, and it would not look too different for the user coming from any website they used to use.  This will create a more familiar feeling for the users.
  
  
## Colors  
Trying to keep whole webpage in harmonic design and have it associated with “tea” colours, I decided to go for the light green colour for the header and footer and to keep it contrasted but organic in colour I went for the blue-ish for the background. To keep high contrast for the text I set colour to white with black shadow outline.  
I used following colours:  
- Body background color: #C6E7C6  
- jumbotron color: #215020
- Headings color: #474545
- Text color: #474545  
- Background color header and footer: #93C47D
  
  
## Images  
- All images on the website was taken from internet resources with all credit information stated in "Credits" section of this README file.  
  
## Text  
- While I tried to keep my website filled with useful information, I have had to copy some text mainly from Wikipedia page. Most text information is credited in “Credits” section in this README file   
  
# Features  
The website is a single page with interactive links to sections on the page with popup window with send me a message form.  
  
## Existing Features  
### Navigation Bar (in the Header):  
- Visible on all pages and attached to the top of the page  
- Mobile view collapses links into “Burger menu”   
- Left side of navigation bar contains Logo image with active link to homepage  
- Right side of navigation bar contain 4 hyperlinks:  
  - Home  
  - Tea traditions(gallery)  
  - Tea History  
  - Contact me (modulo popup with email and textbar)  
  
  
  
### Footer:  
- Visible on all pages   
- Contain contact up link  
- Imaginary business address information  
- Fontawesome icons with links to default home page of linkedin, facebook, githup  
- Copyright information  
  
  
### Home (index.html):  
- Introduction text for what the website is about  
- Clickable Pictures with tea icon  
  - black tea page  
  - green tea page  
  - white tea page  
  - puer tea page  
- Picture gallery  
- History section  
- Customers reviews section  
- About us section  
  
  
  
### Contact form (contact.html):  
- Required form fields: Name, Email address, tea selection and Message  fields
- On submit, "thank you" alert message will be shown (submit form send information to CI server to display values sent) 
  
## Features left to implement:  
- Fix footer to display sections evenly across all screen sizes
  
## Technologies used:  
- HTML:   
- CSS  
- Bootstrap  
- Fontawesome  
- Google Fonts    
- Github  
- Git  
- Balsamiq  
  
## Testing  
### Mobile
- Functionality testing – I used Google chrome developers tools to test different screens responsiveness of webpages, as well on actual mobile phone and large screen monitor.  
- Code Validation – Lighthouse(google dev tools)  
	
- Issues found during site development – see section problems encountered  
- Performance testing Lighthouse(google dev tools)  
  - Performance score: 81  (lower score due to loading external bootstrap scripts, and some images are slightly on the larger side)
  - Accessibility score: 96
  - Best Practices score 93
  
### Desktop
- Performance testing Lighthouse(google dev tools)  
  - Performance score: 99  
  - Accessibility score: 93
  - Best Practices score 93



## Deployment  
- Deployment made via GitHub pages.  For my repository go to Setting on forked repository scroll down to GitHub pages and select active branch to be used.  
  
 ## Bugs

 
### Problems encountered: 
- Git merging branch with local Pycharm. "The “fatal: refusing to merge unrelated histories” Git error"  
  - resolved by applying <code>git pull origin master --allow-unrelated-histories</code>  
- Issue with text overflowing boundaries of jumbotron  
  - Added :before and :after css to break line in exact place where intended, and reduced size of the text on small screen [solution](https://www.educative.io/edpresso/how-to-add-a-line-break-using-css)  
- customer images change shape from circe to oval on small screen sizes  
  - fixed by adding @media query to resize image  
- Navigation bar not collapsing back  
  - fixed by adding script at the bottom of the body [solution found here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28472815/bootstrap-navbar-collapse-not-closing-on-click)  
- Image on the tea page have text overlapping image
	- fixed by setting image height and width to responsive instead of fixed values
- Issue with alignment of columns in footer section  
  - Added div container around row, this helped to squeeze columns bit closer to the center. (Tutor Assisted with solution)
  
- Headers are hiding under navbar when link to sections are clicked    
  - Wrapped section in div and set padding top in css. (Tutor Assisted with solution)



## Credits  

### Credits for text and modules
Skeleton structure of the README.md file was copied from [Jacqueline Kraus](https://github.com/jacqueline-kraus/MS1-Discover-NZ)  
Most of my text and educative information was copied from Wikipedia  
- [bootstap carousel](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0/components/carousel/)  
- [headlines for hero paragraphs](https://theteahouseltd.com/)  
- [text shadows example](https://www.codesdope.com/blog/article/adding-outline-to-text-using-css/)  
- [Traditions text](https://www.mentalfloss.com/article/72891/15-tea-traditions-around-world#:~:text=Drinking%20tea%20is%20a%20tradition,preparations%20evolving%20along%20the%20way.)  
- [Tea history](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_tea_in_China)  
- [tea feacts](https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/top-10-evidence-based-health-benefits-of-green-tea#4.-Antioxidants-may-lower-the-risk-of-some-cancers)  
- [black tea page](https://www.lipton.com/us/en/world-of-tea/how-to-brew-black-tea.html)  
- [Green tea page](https://coffeeandteacorner.com/adding-honey-to-green-tea/#:~:text=Final%20thoughts-,So%20can%20you%20add%20honey%20to%20green%20tea%20%3F,keep%20its%20health%2Dimproving%20properties.)  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
## Credits for images used:  
 - Hero background  Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@procaffeinator?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Arfan Abdulazeez</a> on [Hero img](https://unsplash.com/photos/oi0FvNhkHy8)  
 - black tea img Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@og?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Oleg Guijinsky</a> on <a href="/collections/1564860/tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> [black tea](https://unsplash.com/photos/2CRgKZAyPXg)  
 - mixed tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@stri_khedonia?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Alice Pasqual</a> on <a href="/s/photos/gree-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> [mixed tea](https://unsplash.com/photos/xdD-x2Y2SPI)  
 - mixed 2  Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@stri_khedonia?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Alice Pasqual</a> on <a href="/s/photos/gree-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> https://unsplash.com/photos/59Kh3TAajg0  
 - tea leaves Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@newmanphotog?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Timothy Newman</a> on <a href="/s/photos/gree-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> https://unsplash.com/photos/_ZH-GRbh0iE  
 - green tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@teacreative?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Tea Creative │ Soo Chung</a> on <a href="/s/photos/green-tea?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> https://unsplash.com/photos/SpnGFRf0Nmk  
 - white tea By <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Iateasquirrel" class="extiw" title="en:User:Iateasquirrel">Iateasquirrel</a>, <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/" title="Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0">CC BY-SA 3.0</a>, <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=553061">Link</a>  
 - puer tea <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/" title="Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0">CC BY-SA 3.0</a>, <a href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=603774">Link</a>  
 - teacup Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@teacora?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">TeaCora Rooibos</a>
 - tea tradition 1 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@lauraadaiphoto?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">laura adai</a>
 - tea tradition 2 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@igorstarkoff?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Igor Starkov</a>
 - tradition 3 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@pursuit_of_shutter?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Ranit Chakraborty</a>
 - tradition 4 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@teacreative?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Tea Creative │ Soo Chung</a>
 - face 1 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@omidarmin?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Omid Armin</a>
 - face 2 Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@krivitskiy?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Alexander Krivitskiy</a>
 - black tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@hectorfalcon?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Hector Falcon</a>  
 - green tea photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@whatam1?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Arseniy Kapran</a>  
 - white tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@toma_sh?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Tamara Schipchinskaya</a>
 - puer tea Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@oriento?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">五玄土 ORIENTO</a>
